RHDEVDOCS-4258 Distinguish between stopping support for v1alpha1 and … (#48725)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-release-notes-1-8.adoc

* Support for the `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` API version, which was deprecated in {pipelines-title} GA 1.6, is planned to be removed in the upcoming {pipelines-title} GA 1.9 release.
+

> This change affects the pipeline component, which includes the `TaskRun`, `PipelineRun`, `Task`, `Pipeline`, and similar `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` resources. Update existing resources to use `apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1` instead.

Reviewer: nit: I think we can't link to outside document, right ?
The migration is document here : https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/migrating-v1alpha1-to-v1beta1/. I wonder if we should have one for docs.openshift.com as well 🤔

Author: Actually, modules like this **can** link to outside documents, just not to other files in the docs. It's unclear whether you're proposing to link to that topic and/or re-document the tekton topic in the OpenShift docs. @sounix000, there might be a doc task here.

> This change affects the pipeline component, which includes the `TaskRun`, `PipelineRun`, `Task`, `Pipeline`, and similar `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` resources. Rather, update existing resources to use `apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1` as described in link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/migrating-v1alpha1-to-v1beta1/[Migrating From Tekton v1alpha1 to Tekton v1beta1]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change affects the pipeline component, which includes the `TaskRun`, `PipelineRun`, `Task`, `Pipeline`, and similar `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` resources. As an alternative, update existing resources to use `apiVersion: tekton.dev/v1beta1` as described in link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/migrating-v1alpha1-to-v1beta1/[Migrating From Tekton v1alpha1 to Tekton v1beta1]
```
To my ears, `Rather` doesn't sound quite right here to indicate a workaround/alternative. It seems like it should have a parallel contrasting sentence before it like "don't do this. Rather, do this..."

Author: Updated. Thanks.

+
Bug fixes and support for the `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` API version are provided only through the end of the current GA 1.8 lifecycle.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
For the *Tekton Operator*, the `operator.tekton.dev/v1alpha1` API version is *not* deprecated. You do not need to make changes to this value.
====
//  (link:https://github.com/tektoncd/triggers/pull/1103[#1103])

* In {pipelines-title} 1.8, the `PipelineResource` custom resource (CR) is available but no longer supported. The `PipelineResource` CR was a Tech Preview feature and part of the `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` API, which had been deprecated and planned to be removed in the upcoming {pipelines-title} GA 1.9 release.

> * In {pipelines-title} 1.8, the `Condition` custom resource (CR) is removed. The `Condition` CR was part of the `tekton.dev/v1alpha1` API, which has been deprecated and is planned to be removed in the upcoming {pipelines-title} GA 1.9 release.

Author: @ppitonak: Are these okay?

Reviewer 3: yes
